Actions: support empty args and empty response (#11041)
withastro/astro: .changeset/many-guests-yell.md

---
"astro": patch
---

> Actions: fix 500 errors when sending empty params or returning an empty response from an action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes 500 errors when sending empty params or returning an empty response from an action.
```
